loading data from temp_data/game_0_round_0_day_start.pkl
game status to recover: {'cur_stage': 'day', 'cur_round': 0, 'next_speaking_player': 6, 'start_speaking_player': 6, 'winner': None}
current game status: {'cur_stage': 'day', 'cur_round': 0, 'next_speaking_player': 6, 'start_speaking_player': 6, 'winner': None}
bnaew;origna;woienfioa;we  Honest Statement and Honest Challenge Player number 0 for showing neither suspicious behavior nor any credible information, reasoning that without any solid evidence or significant actions, any accusation would be baseless. 


awefunaweufnawpeufnawief 
bawn;oieifnawo;ie  Fellow villagers, as we gather here with little to suspect and fewer facts to stand on, I urge us all to exercise caution and reason. With no confirmed werewolves in our midst, my approach remains grounded in prudence and factual deliberation. It's easy to fall prey to paranoia, yet I challenge Player 0 not on grounds of suspicion but to prompt transparency in our collective quest for truth. Lacking substantial behavior or evidence against anyone, I find baseless accusations unproductive and potentially harmful to our cause. We must stay vigilant, watchful, and above all, united in our effort to identify those who lurk in shadows with vile intent. Let this be a call to all, to share what we know when the time is right, and to forge alliances grounded in trust and honesty. Only then can we hope to survive the darkness that enshrouds our small, embattled community.
debug: adding edge from 2 to 3
bnaew;origna;woienfioa;we  Honest Statement and Honestly Challenge Player number 6 for cautiously encouraging unity, which could be seen as a village-aligned move or a werewolf tactic. I will point out that while their speech seems to be in line with village interests, we should remain alert as it can also be a strategy employed by werewolves to gain trust. 


awefunaweufnawpeufnawief 
bawn;oieifnawo;ie  "Fellow villagers, I come before you today not only as your peer but as a concerned member of our community. I'd like to draw attention to the speech made by player 6. While their words advocate for unity and caution, it is imperative that we examine intentions closely. This could indeed be a sign of a villager's genuine concern, or conversely, a clever ruse by a werewolf to gain our trust. My aim is not to cast unwarranted suspicion but to encourage vigilance. We must keep our eyes open and watch for further affirmations or contradictions in player 6's future conduct. Remember, it is our combined scrutiny that will keep us one step ahead of the looming menace. Let us proceed with cautious hearts and discerning minds."
